Fix/curriculum en es6 complete a promise - modified test messages to be more clearer (#38836)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/es6/complete-a-promise-with-resolve-and-reject.english.md

```yml
tests:

>   - text: <code>resolve</code> should be executed with matching string as message when the <code>if</code> condition is <code>true</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - text: <code>resolve</code> should be called with the expected string when the <code>if</code> condition is <code>true</code>.
```
Nitpicky, I know, but I wasn't sure what matching or message meant in this context.

Author: I concur!

    testString: assert(removeJSComments(code).match(/if\s*\(\s*responseFromServer\s*\)\s*{\s*resolve\s*\(\s*('|"|`)We got the data\1\s*\)(\s*|\s*;\s*)}/g));

>   - text: <code>reject</code> should be executed with matching string as message when the <code>if</code> condition is <code>false</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - text: <code>reject</code> should be called with the expected string when the <code>if</code> condition is <code>false</code>.
```
Same reasoning as above.
